---
layout: post
title:  "Creating pull in your factory"
date:   2025-07-24 21:00:00 -0500
categories: shop-floor
---

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/14Nbr9nPnIhBYsYlXJY3xI/video?utm_source=generator" width="624" height="351" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

I'm using the section titles auto-generated by the Spotify player.
Some of them make no sense like "How to make money without railroading" so I've combined some of them.

# The 8 Deadly Wastes 

To Toyota overburden (asking too much of people) is most important.
Then comes unevenness (fluctuations in people and processes) and finally the wastes.
The way it's seen is overburden causes fluctuations which in turn causes waste.
Eliminating waste needs fluctuations addressed which needs overburden addressed.

Waste is easy to see, you only need to observe a process once.
Fluctuations are harder, you need to observe the process at least once.
The people who know the fluctuations best are the ones on the shop-floor or in my case, the testers.

I mapped the 8 wastes as so. More details on [the wastes are here][1]
1. transport, manual tester to automation guy.
2. inventory, too many unexecuted tests or unvalidated automation tests.
3. waiting, waiting for test automation to be created or run, waiting for devs to fix bugs.
4. motion, unnecessary clicking like with doc to dnp which I wrapped with maven.
5. overproduction, unnecessary test cases to meet a metric of x test cases for y days of coding.
6. overprocessing, unnecessary steps in the test case or over complicated test setups or doing e2e testing when a unit test is good enough.
7. defects, test case writing defects.
8. skills, testers who were able to learn to code like Pratik but whose time was wasted doing manual testing.

To me, studying the fluctuations was where [SPC][2] came in. I wanted stuff under statistical control.
I wanted to reduce the occurence of last minute high priority defects which have very little time to be fixed by devs and re-tested by my team.
Another fluctuation was people's utilization. I didn't want to have 100% but I did want to avoid the famine/feast cycles that sometimes appeared. 
Overburden on folks with too much work was reduced with standards so we could swarm to solve problems, having full-stack testers or generalists instead of everyone being a specialist only and automation of test execution.
For example non-SME would use Robot-Framework to automate the tasks for a SME if the non-SME was in a famine of work.


# Stabilizing production

First goal is to stabilize production.
Are machines stable?
Are work-standards good? Do they exist? Do people know to use them? 
There's always going to be fluctuations, but we want to have less.
There's so much fire-fighting, you can't stop to sharpen the axe because you have so many trees to fell. (Put picture of square wheel here)
If you're in a burning house, a fire-fighter is nice. 
Even better is to not have a burning house.
Just rewarding the fire-fighters creates career arsonists.
Overburden is a lack of safety.
First identify where are things going wrong, you'll need some sort of data.
Then prioritize where should you start.
Estimate the effort and impact (I guess ROI).
Pick a low impact problem.
Work on ones that give you success stories.

The shop-floor knows it already knows the cause.
Team-leads can see it.
Sometimes it's hard to watch and do at the same time so you can't tell.
You can actually notice but it doesn't mean you can make the connection about what's causing it.
Management needs to get rid of the cause.

How to free-up the time of an overburdened tester who's super busy. One way is by having standards.
All the testers didn't write test cases in a way that another tester could understand and execute their tests.
If I wanted them to be able to swarm to reduce the load on one tester, I needed those who were free to be able to read the tests.
This is where the ubiquitous language came in; it was to [standardize work][3].
One challenge in getting folks to adopt a standard that requires so much details is fear.
I think folks kept the test cases light on details to protect their job-security.
That is, if nobody can read their work, then nobody can replace them.
By showing the team that the test cases written in the DSL can be automatically converted into automation, I feel it helped reduce the resistance.
Even if they would lose their job as a result of sharing knowledge, at least they would learn Robot Framework with Python.

The overburden caused by lack of safety to me was psychological safety.
Some testers increased the scope of their testing if they didn't find enough bugs.
There was this culture that the good testers find bugs.
So if someone didn't find any bugs, they felt they need to fill their bugs found quota.
This was easy for me, I just told them I didn't care about finding bugs because quality can't be inspected in.
I wonder how many QA directors/managers/leaders actually realise that?
After I left, I'm told, they were told to record how many tests they ran everyday and what percentage they automated.
I'm told this instruction from the top, like the C-suite but without any explanation why.


# How to make the work not fluctuate

Can you make the work not fluctuate?
You can't get rid of fluctuation, just reduce it with PDCA. 
In Western companies, it's little plan, lots of doing, then even less check and act.
At Toyota, there's huge emphasis on plan, way more than half. 
They try to understand what's happening, with who, when. 
You need to stratify the problem, make a prioritised problem.
Don't improve all quality, narrow it down.
20-30 factors might contribute to quality problems but pick the one that has the biggest impact.
Now that you know the problem, what's the root cause like process, worn out tool, a setting?
Sometimes you use the fishbone diagram or a mind-map.
Develop multiple root-causes.
In the Western world, the minute you find one, just solve that.
In Japan, for each root cause you ask: are they effective, safe, cost effective, how fast can you do it, how much effort to do that.
Then finally you get to the D in PDCA.
Then check if it's gone or only gone when no manager is looking. 
If yes, then share the fix with others, that's the act part.
Toyota uploads their A3 to a common database so that their employees can Google that.
If not, restart the PDSA.
Peter Drucker's SMART target, not always possible, but if so, it would be perfect.

So the goal was to reduce common cause variation.
At the company I worked, they had a 6 step version of the PDCA so I used that.
If I remember correctly, the first step would be go to the [Gemba][4].
Another one of the steps was Plan split into two or something like that.

Each week I met with everyone on my team for 1:1 to ask what's bugging them so we can fix it. 
Together we'd come up with an [Kaizen][5] which was either a [Jidoka][6] or a [Poka-Yoke][7].
Rarely did anyone come up with an improvement that didn't need my support as the manager.
I'd then prioritise which improvements would have the biggest impact for the team and work on those.
Though step 1 was initiatied during the 1:1, the remaining 4 happenned throughout the week through Slack conversations.
Step 6 was a weekly/monthly/quarterly review of all changes to the process depending on the impact of the change.
The company also recommend the use of SMART goals for the quarterly goals so we used that for each improvement.

# What role does scheduling or pull play in the release of orders

How to change from push to pull.
Pull is a system to manage inventory for made to stock or manage workload if it's made to order.
Inventory is bad but necessary. 
You need at least one part to produce and more than one to buffer fluctuations.
Inventory is for short term decoupling of fluctuations
It's hard to manage and might have too much or too little of stuff.

Pull is a way to manage your inventory for make to stock.
You set your kanban to represent your target inventory.
Let's saw you want to have 500 hinges.
The 500 should cover the time to replenish the inventory and reduce the fluctuations.
Kanban are inventory management system.
Since inventory is bad, an inventory management system is good to manage a pull system.

Kanban is typically understood as a two bin system.
Two bin system is a system with two Kanbans.
Kanban is just information, it could be the box, if you get an empty box, fill it.
It could be a card, if you get a card, make what's on the card.
It depends on the replenishment time, how long to get the box back.
You need 1 box per day, if you can fill a box in half a day, two boxes are enough.
If it takes 2 days to fill the box, then after two days, you have a day without parts.
Now you need 3 and for safety 4 boxes.
The equation is replenishment time divided by takt time but don't take the average, take the extreme for safety.

Instead of orders or hinges, I was working with test cases/stories/scenarios.
Since the tests were driving the development, imagine each batch of scenarios as requisitions for code to be created.
As explained in the [just in time][8] section, the testers aimed to produce enough test cases for a developer so they could code for at least a day.
They had to make enough test cases for the day and even the next day in case something came up and they couldn't work that day etc.
We didn't make [Kanban cards][9] for each daily chunk of test cases.
Instead the bucket/bin was the git commit. 
I taught the testers to amend their git commits and only when they had the next batch of tests, they would push it.
I was aiming for Continuous Delivery and Trunk Based development

This is why my testers had to get a head start.
The developers would do their initial analysis while my testers created some key test cases as they'd call it.
Then with this lead of a few days of tests for developers to run, they'd replenish one per day.
Developers then could keep doing a fetch and only merge with the next git commit and work on those tests.
I think some developers just did a pull but that was ok since there would only be 1 git commit added each day.
Why did I care about this? Well, what I didn't want to have is failing tests all the time.
Let's say the tester is a little ahead, then you'd never see all the test suites pass.
This isn't great for TBD, your pipeline would never complete successfully.
I wanted the developer and tester to learn to synchronise (reduce variation/fluctuation)

# The importance of having a large inventory

TO BE CONTINUED

[1]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Muda
[2]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/SPC
[3]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Standardized%20Work
[4]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Gemba
[5]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Kaizen
[6]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Jidoka
[7]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Poka%20Yoke
[8]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Just%20In%20Time
[9]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Kanban
[10]: /demingdriventesting/Migrating%20from%20defect%20inspection%20to%20prevention/Heijunka

